# SoftwareEngineeringAndDesign
The artifact selected for the software design and engineering portion of my portfolio was from CS 410 Software Reverse Engineering.  I just completed this class back in December. For this project we were given a object file then had to decompile it into Assembly Language and then convert it into C++ in project 1 then in project two we had to find the vulnerabilities in the software and then patch the vulnerabilities using safe coding practices.
I chose this artifact because while it was good enough for the assignments it still had a lot room for improvement to become a more professional application. This application shows that I can work within multiple languages and use that to solve problems between them, this will also show that I know how to identify vulnerable code and then how to change the code to make it secure.  For this code I changed the structure to make it more maintainable and modular.
I did meet all the outcomes planned with this other than except adding the database which I planned to do in module five. I feel that I could possibly break the application down further into other files to further increase the modularity of the application. 
When I was enhancing the I first started by creating the class file and the header files.  I then took the lines of code out of the main and put it in the class file and then I put all my declarations into the header file. After which I updated the inclusions on all the files.  When I was doing this, I did not have too many problems. I knew when I initially did this that it was not structured the best way possible due to the requirements of the project, so I focused on how the software was structured and restructured it during my research I also notice that the one section used “magic numbers”, so I fixed it by using the enumeration. During this time, I also listed the security features that need to be fixed that I did not have time to fix as well as further enhancements that can be made that I may add when I add the database during module five. When I was doing this I was trying to get all of the enhancements done by the due date, so I noted the enhancements that could be added yet to further the application that I did not have time to complete.
